Support pickling dynamic classes subclassing `typing.Generic` instances on 3.7+ (#351)
cloudpipe/cloudpickle: CHANGES.md

  and expand the support for pickling `TypeVar` instances (dynamic or non-dynamic)
  to Python 3.5-3.6 ([PR #350](https://github.com/cloudpipe/cloudpickle/pull/350))

> - Add support for pickling dynamic generics on 3.7+

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add support for pickling dynamic classes subclassing `typing.Generic`
  instances on Python 3.7+
```
